README.md, before:

Bloom Filter
============

This JavaScript bloom filter implementation uses the non-cryptographic
[Fowler–Noll–Vo hash function][1] for speed.

Usage
-----

```javascript
var bloom = new BloomFilter(
  32 * 256, // number of bits to allocate.
  16        // number of hash functions.
);

// Add some elements to the filter.
bloom.add("foo");
bloom.add("bar");

// Test if an item is in our filter.
// Returns true if an item is probably in the set,
// or false if an item is definitely not in the set.
bloom.test("foo");
bloom.test("bar");
bloom.test("blah");

// Serialisation. Note that bloom.buckets may be a typed array,
// so we convert to a normal array first.
var array = [].slice.call(bloom.buckets),
    json = JSON.stringify(array);

// Deserialisation. Note that the any array-like object is supported, but
// this will be used directly, so you may wish to use a typed array for
// performance.
var bloom = new BloomFilter(array, 16);
```

Implementation
--------------

Although the bloom filter requires *k* hash functions, we can simulate this
using only *two* hash functions.  In fact, we can use the same FNV algorithm
for both hash functions, using only different base offsets for the two hashes.

Thanks to Will Fitzgerald for his [help and inspiration][2] with the hashing
optimisation.

[1]: http://isthe.com/chongo/tech/comp/fnv/
[2]: http://willwhim.wordpress.com/2011/09/03/producing-n-hash-functions-by-hashing-only-once/

Commit message:

Switch to triple-hashing for improved false positive rate.
This reverts back to my initial use of modified FNV-1a for performance:
instead of re-hashing data for each hash function, we simply perform
another round of FNV-1a to get a second hash function.

We do the same again to get a third, which reduces false positives
substantially compared to double hashing.

One additional fix is that we ensure the second hash is always odd,
which avoids catastrophic situations where it is 0 or divides `m`
exactly, assuming `m` is a power of two.

Fixes #31 and #15.

README.md, after:

Bloom Filter
============

This JavaScript bloom filter implementation uses the non-cryptographic
[Fowler–Noll–Vo hash function][1] for speed.

Usage
-----

```javascript
var bloom = new BloomFilter(
  32 * 256, // number of bits to allocate.
  16        // number of hash functions.
);

// Add some elements to the filter.
bloom.add("foo");
bloom.add("bar");

// Test if an item is in our filter.
// Returns true if an item is probably in the set,
// or false if an item is definitely not in the set.
bloom.test("foo");
bloom.test("bar");
bloom.test("blah");

// Serialisation. Note that bloom.buckets may be a typed array,
// so we convert to a normal array first.
var array = [].slice.call(bloom.buckets),
    json = JSON.stringify(array);

// Deserialisation. Note that the any array-like object is supported, but
// this will be used directly, so you may wish to use a typed array for
// performance.
var bloom = new BloomFilter(array, 16);
```

Implementation
--------------

Although the bloom filter requires *k* hash functions, we can simulate this
using only *three* hash functions.  In fact, we get the second and third hash
functions almost for free by iterating once more on the first hash using the
FNV hash algorithm, and another time to get the third.

Thanks to Will Fitzgerald for his [help and inspiration][2] with the hashing
optimisation.

[1]: http://isthe.com/chongo/tech/comp/fnv/
[2]: http://willwhim.wordpress.com/2011/09/03/producing-n-hash-functions-by-hashing-only-once/
